Tell you, basically what this is about is when I was watching Harvey McKay that one of
Harvey Eckers' things, he said he'd just finished the Boston Marathon and you know the guy's
76 and they went, "Holy crap, you know, that's amazing." He looked so fit and he so quick minded
and so on. I thought, "All of a sudden I'd occurred to me, I bet the way you eat."
You know, is different. I bet you don't just eat a bunch of garbage and that started this thought.
So the basic three questions will be and I'm recording it for you as well if I transcribed these
for the book but then I write about it and what's really been neat about it is that what started out
is three same questions to everybody. Everybody had kind of a different angle on it and I realized
that they were creating the chapters for this book. And of course Marcie Shime offered me the
right accent. I'm not doing something where I did all the work and you're just transcribing it.
But if you actually write in the book, I'll do it. So I made her that promise.
And it was a hard promise but it was a good one to make because it made me think more, you know.
So what I would do is I basically introduce you and then you can add anything
that you think is important to that introduction and let me get my history up here because I have
you on here. So how's Robbie doing? Good hanging in there. Yeah. Did you guys have a nice holiday?
Well, he actually cut out a cruddy holiday hurt father who was very old got sick and then
I pissed him away. Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. But you know stuff happens. What are you going to do?
Okay. So I'm going to, is your best website we're going to, at the end I'm going to ask you
know about your website and stuff is RickFrishman.com the best one to go to or
yeah, probably just for most stuff that's probably the best way to go. Yeah. You had a really good
bio on one of your websites. It's up there. It is one. You know, I'm most of them. I saw RickFrishman
blog.com. You know. Hey, it's RickFrishman. Well, let me check that out. I'm so happy you made it here.
Okay. So the, there we go about Rick. Yeah. So, you know,
one of the things that that I'll bring up is, you know, you always talk about how you have the
biggest roller decks. And I thought that was a really cool angle too because part of part of success
is who you know. And I, you know, I think that's important. I don't know what your, what your angle
is going to be on this. But the, you know, the questions will be, um, do you think that that hypothesis
is true that, you know, food affects your ability to succeed on some level? And then if you,
you know, if it plays into into your level of success. In other words, you know, I know there
there are successful people who eat crappy food. But so far, kind of the consensus has been,
you know, it's, it's run the gamut of extremes. But, but so far, people seem to say, you know,
they can't keep up their energy. If you speak a lot, you do a lot of speaking. So, you know,
and you have a pectic schedule. So I imagine that if you're, you know, full of two pizzas,
you probably don't have the energy on stage that you normally would. So that's kind, that's kind of
into the angle.